### Welcome to ExposomeX platform to expediate the discovery of “Exposure-Biology-Disease” nexus!

Exposome has become the hotspot of next-generation health studies. To date, there is no available effective platform to standardize the analysis of exposomic data. In ExposomeX, we aim to propose one new framework of exposomic analysis and build up one novel integrated platform to expediate the discovery of “Exposure-Biology-Disease” nexus. In ExposomeX, we have built up one integrated platform for exposomic analysis. In total, we have developed SIX major modules, which include exposomic mass spectrometry data processing (E-MS), statistical analyses of “chemicals-endogenous omics-diseases” interaction (E-STAT), exposome database search (E-DB), meta-analysis of chemical-diseases (E-META), biological explanation of chemical-diseases (E-BIO) and visualization of multiple dimension data (E-VIZ).
        Briefly, E-MS can help identify the environmental factors from exposomics data acquired by high resolution mass spectrometry and prioritize the chemical factors that are correlated with the diseases under different epidemiological design. E-STAT aims to correlate the exposomic factors with the diseases using different layers of statistical analyses with a total of over 100 different statistical models for epidemiological studies of cohort, case-control, and cross-section. E-DB provides the function to search the exposure chemicals (>20,000) by mass-charge-ratio, exposure biomarkers (>1,500), protein targets and protein-protein interaction (>100,000) curated from previous databases and literature search. E-META serves as a tool for the meta-analysis on the result from previous epidemiological results. E-BIO provides the tool to integrate the exposomic and other omics result via pathway integration and protein-protein interaction. E-VIZ enables the visualization of all other modules. All the six major modules work both independently and collectively. Overall, E-MS help characterize the environmental exposure and E-STAT provides the statistical evidence of environmental exposure-diseases. Then E-META and E-BIO supply another level of evidence to validate and explain the statistical correlation. E-DB and E-VIZ support the functionality of all four modules. In sum, we have developed a one-stop exposome processing platform and all the modules will keep updating.
